# cpsc-4377-quest-1-willis_barnes_team_master_sword
cpsc-4377-quest-1-willis_barnes_team_master_sword created by GitHub Classroom

For our project, we will be building the first three or four overworld areas from the original Legend of Zelda. The goal is to recreate the gameplay of the original as closely as possible on a small scale. The player will begin in the original starting location with no sword. They will have to enter the cave on this screen to retrieve the sword, which will activate their attack action. In the surrounding areas, the player can fight two enemy types: rock spitting octoroks and arrow firing moblins. Both of these enemy types follow similar movement and attack patterns, but with different sprites, movement speeds, and amounts of health, so they will be relatively easy to implement together. If we have time, we may implement a third enemy type, the jumping tektite spiders, but I expect these will be more difficult because their movement patterns are slightly more complicated.

Our initial plan is for the game to end when the player is hit by an enemy. If we have time, we would like to implement a health system similar to the original game. As the player fights enemies, they will have three hearts that will decrease each time they are hit. Enemies will randomly drop heart items, which will restore one heart to their supply. If, however, the player runs out of hearts, the game will end and the player will have to start over from the beginning.

Every time the player enters a new screen, there will be enemies to fight, so they will have to keep fighting in order to survive. We may include some kind of high score board that tracks the number of enemies beaten. High scores could be saved to an XML file and displayed at the end of each round.
